In this video, you will
learn to Describe what is
meant by Integrity and
the context of the CIA Triad.
The other concept
that we are going
to explore today its Integrity.
Integrity is actually
something that is
similar to confidentiality but
there are some differences.
For example, integrity is
just the principle that
all the data, all
the information,
all the systems that we are
going to use are not modified,
are not changed by
any system, by any user,
by any person in
the transit or in the meantime
that we are going
to use that system.
So, for example, if
we are going to send
an email from our email client to
our company's headquarters
saying that we are
going to use system
to access remotely
the computer of
the client and we send on
that email the VPN Software
that we are going to use.
One of the key concepts that
integrity deals with is
the importance that
the mail that we are going
to send is not going
to be tampered,
is not going to be
modified in the transit.
So, basically integrity deals
with the process that each of
the pieces of the information
that we are going
to send that we are
going to receive are
the original pieces.
How can we implement,
how can we use integrity in
our company in
our Cybersecurity life?
We normally use hashes.
That concept, the hash concept
is a something important,
it's something that we
are going to explore
in some videos in the future,
but in the meantime,
the important part
of the hashes is
explained that the
hash is an algorithm.
Is a mathematical algorithm
that is going to
create like a signature of
the file of the e-mail,
of the data that we
are going to use.
For example, and I'm just going
to explore a couple
of things here.
So, for example, if would go to,
internet and let us go
to Google and we can go
to, Hash Generator Online.
Here, we could for example,
go to the second link.
Here is the URL
Password Generator.NET,
and here we could have gone
to enter a password,
enter a text.
Actually, we could add
something like secure password.
This secure password, if we
generate a hash algorithm
using the SHA256 algorithm
or mathematical encryption,
we are going to
translate this word,
the Security secure password
word into these
numbers and letters.
This information
actually if you use
these secure word to login
into your, for example,
into your e-mail account,
if you go and try to instead
use the secure password,
you use these string here,
these letters and numbers,
you are going to be
rejected by the system.
But, in the cybersecurity word,
these numbers, these keys,
these letters and
numbers means that
if somebody is going
to use these password,
the signature, the hash will
be something like this.
If for example that we change
the D for S for example,
the hash will totally change.
So, again if we
changed the S for D,
the hash will be the same.
So, this is a clear example
of what hash means.
It is a procedure where
the mathematical algorithm goes
and generate the signature for,
in this case for a word but
we can generate the signature
for a file or
something like a document
something like that.
Another example probably more
clear example is
something like this.
We could go to Kali.org,
this is a Linux
distribution where used by
normal Penetration
Masters to test
security in the
enterprise environment.
But if we go here and
we go to downloads,
then download Kali Linux
we are going to see
a lot of links to download
these Linux distribution.
But one interesting part
here is this SHA256 Sum.
This is the algorithm,
this is the hash that
we need to validate,
as soon as we download
these Kali Linux light
version of Kali.
So, for example, if we download
this file and we start download
for example here in HTTP,
the file will be downloaded.
As soon as the
download is finish,
we should actually go
to something like this,
hash file online,
e we could go to maybe
here, file calculator.
In this case, we are going to use
this site MD5 File.com
will allow us to drop
files and generate algorithms
or the share results
for these five
different algorithms.
This means that for example,
as soon as these download finish,
if we upload the file here into
these online calculator
and we receive
something different than
these number in that SHA256 Sum,
the file probably will be
corrupted or the file suffers
something in the transit
between the Kali servers
and our computer.
So, that is a clear example
of how we could
use hashes in the real world,
in the cybersecurity word.